Okay. So you're at the end of the section and you now know how
image gradients look like and what are Sobel operator is,
and by applying those to an image you can strip away uniform content and what
remains are pixels whose neighborhood changes quickly when moving away from them.
In this last quiz,
please compute an image matrix which shows
the gradient magnitude for each pixel position,
and when doing this you will notice that
the resulting image contains lots of unwanted noise.
So what you also should do is apply
some Gaussian smoothing before computing the Sobel operator,
an experiment with a degree of smoothing.
Visualize the resulting images and describe your observation to us.
When you have finished let's move on to the next section which is about using
this gradient image to detect corners which will be our first key points.
So have fun with the exercise and see you shortly.